IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUDICATURE AT PATNA

Civil Writ Jurisdiction Case No. 4521 of 2025

Anita Kumari, daughter of Sri Ram Naresh Singh, resident of
Village Bharatpura, P.O. Bihiya, District Bhojpur, Bihar
                                                ... Petitioner
                          versus

1. The State of Bihar through the Principal Secretary,
   Department of Revenue & Land Reforms, Government of Bihar,
   Old Secretariat, Patna - 800015.
2. The District Magistrate, Bhojpur.
3. The Circle Officer, Bihiya, District Bhojpur.
                                                ... Respondents

For the Petitioner: Mr. R. K. Verma, Advocate
For the Respondents: Mr. P. K. Sinha, GP-IV

CORAM: HON'BLE MR. JUSTICE A. K. SINHA
Pronounced on the 22nd day of April, 2026

ORDER

1. Heard learned counsel for the parties.

2. The petitioner has approached this Court being aggrieved by
   the inaction on her representation dated 11.02.2026 made
   to the Department of Revenue & Land Reforms, Government of
   Bihar, seeking mutation of her name in the revenue records
   following the demise of her father.

3. Learned counsel for the petitioner submits that despite
   repeated reminders, no decision has been communicated to the
   petitioner till date.

4. Learned Government Pleader, on instructions, fairly submits
   that the representation will be considered and decided in
   accordance with law.

5. Having heard the parties, this writ petition is disposed of
   with a direction that the Department of Revenue & Land
   Reforms shall consider the representation of the petitioner
   dated 11.02.2026 within a period of six weeks from the date
   of receipt of a certified copy of this order, by passing a
   reasoned and speaking order, and communicate the same to the
   petitioner.

6. It is made clear that no opinion has been expressed on the
   merits of the representation.

7. The writ petition stands disposed of in the above terms.
   No order as to costs.

                                            (A. K. Sinha, J.)
